Belis Aladag: Yo swiston
Ryan Burks: Hello.
Belis Aladag: Ryan.
Belis Aladag: Hi, how are you sorry. We've had this difficulty.
Ryan Burks: Okay, are you
Belis Aladag: Doing. Okay, so, Brian. I'm Dr. Ella DAG. Um, I understand. I looked in the chart. And I looked at the database. We have to see where you're getting refills for for control substances from I understand that you've been being treated by Dr. Waters for a while. Right.
Ryan Burks: Correct, yeah.
Belis Aladag: So, I, I'm not sure if she's retiring or leaving the company, but there they are suggesting that I see you now because I'm over some of her patients so welcome.
All right.
Belis Aladag: Um, tell me a bit about yourself. Tell me, you know, the latest, we can start now. And then we can go backwards but right now it looks like you're taking three films a day. Is that right,
Ryan Burks: That's right.
Belis Aladag: On the Suboxone. Okay. And with that, do you feel like your cravings are under control. You feel okay
Ryan Burks: I do I feel good with it with this dosage you
Belis Aladag: Do you take it like one in the morning, one at noon one later in the day.
Ryan Burks: One and a half in the morning what happened. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so one and a half twice a day. Um, and. Okay, so tell me a bit about yourself. Like how did this whole opioid use disorder start for you. Were you very young.
Belis Aladag: They just start with other drugs. First, or what happened.
Ryan Burks: Um, so I grew up, like in the San Francisco Bay Area, and I rich like I smoke pot for from like age 14 to constantly every day, till I mean, up until right now but I first found or tried like oxy cotton.
Ryan Burks: My mom had some extra pills. I took them and that's kind of where the whole thing started.
Ryan Burks: And went from roxy's to fentanyl within a few years, once I got the cup college
Belis Aladag: Okay, so when you first tried the oxy you were what 18 or less, you were
Ryan Burks: 16 yeah
Belis Aladag: Okay, and then went on to fentanyl kills where you're crushing them and supporting them or what were you doing
Ryan Burks: I was getting pure fentanyl off the internet.
Oh, wow.
Ryan Burks: Okay. And so who is just powdered form and obviously with the potency of the drug is really hard for me to have consistent, consistent
Ryan Burks: Dose dosa Jang or whatever you want to call it. Um, so it got pretty out of hand because I could I just started to go up and up and up. So, yeah.
Belis Aladag: we're injecting it
Ryan Burks: I was smoking.
Belis Aladag: Okay, got out of hand and then did you have an overdose, or a couple or what happened.
Ryan Burks: I had probably in total like four or five overdoses. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Gosh.
Thank God. Oh.
Ryan Burks: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Did you have some injury with one of them. There's something in your chart about that.
Ryan Burks: It wasn't yeah yeah it was for a mixture of federal and Ketamine together.
Ryan Burks: Both like in the Senate. So it just kind of shut my body down
Ryan Burks: You know,
Belis Aladag: That's really scary.
Ryan Burks: To consolidate this I have this on my legs and stuff like a head compartment syndrome and
Oh,
Ryan Burks: Yeah, yeah. I lost like 30% of my muscle mass, because of the
Belis Aladag: Trauma both your legs and your arms.
Ryan Burks: Just my like the left hemisphere, like my left leg. My left arm.
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: What's that last overdose.
Ryan Burks: Um, no, my, my last over. I mean not but but my last overdose.
Ryan Burks: They Narc and me and I was okay. But that wasn't the last time, let us know.
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Belis Aladag: So speaking of Narcan I'm going to prescribe our Canada as well, just so you have that you have some already
I don't
Belis Aladag: It's a good habit, good thing to have around. I mean, you're taking the medication. Now, and the chances of overdoses Suboxone are like almost impossible compared to where you were with the fentanyl and everything, but still
Belis Aladag: It's just good to have around. Right. And you can use it on other people. If you see anyone passed out. You don't know why.
Belis Aladag: You're right arm them if you try to use it.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay. I'm okay. So. So when was the last time you use
Belis Aladag: unlisted opioids not Suboxone
Ryan Burks: I'm
Ryan Burks: November of last year.
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Belis Aladag: November 2019 and since then. What happened, did you just get into this treatment here right heart health, or how did you get help.
Ryan Burks: Yeah, I
Ryan Burks: Will I went to like SLE and San Francisco. And that's where I hooked up with
Ryan Burks: Dr. Waters from from Brian heart and that's when I started my Suboxone treatment.
Belis Aladag: What is SLE
Ryan Burks: sober living environment.
Belis Aladag: Oh, okay. So you were in a sober living. Got it. So,
Ryan Burks: Right now I'm in
Ryan Burks: A minute so silly, but a different one.
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Belis Aladag: And are you working
Ryan Burks: With my injuries. No, I'm currently working
Ryan Burks: I'm trying to go back to school and
Ryan Burks: Yeah, I wasn't able to finish up college at UCSB totally so had like a quarter left so
Ryan Burks: My main goal is to finish college
Ryan Burks: Yeah yeah yeah
Belis Aladag: Yeah, if you can do that. I see a notes music. No. Do you do music
Ryan Burks: Yeah I yeah when I have a working computer. It got stolen a while ago when I was living up in Toronto, but um yeah I love to make music
Belis Aladag: That's one thing you like um yeah and then finishing up college. That's a good goal if you're if you're especially if you're this close right
Belis Aladag: Do this.
Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm okay and then tell me about family and the family history. You mentioned your mom had the OxyContin was she she does she have a history of pain or addiction herself or any family.
Ryan Burks: She's going through chemo right now so I spoke up as it is, yeah, I took. I took her pain pills for chemo.
Belis Aladag: I see. So she's, she's going through cancer treatment. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, what kind of cancer. Does she have
Ryan Burks: She has breast cancer.
Belis Aladag: Sorry to hear that hope she gets better.
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so that's her. Is there any family history, though, like people like drinking alcohol problems, substance abuse, mental health.
Ryan Burks: I know that
Ryan Burks: My father has depression, but I'm not
Ryan Burks: Related to him by blood so it wouldn't be from him, but my mom.
Ryan Burks: I know that she's on antidepressants, but she does pretty well on her own, without medications so
Ryan Burks: Am I my brother is. I mean, I don't know everything about him, but he's
Ryan Burks: He's got most things under control. I don't think he's on anything. So he's in medical school too so
Ryan Burks: Wow. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: You see younger or older. Yeah.
Ryan Burks: He's three years. I'm good.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Oh, good for him. It's a, it's sort of the road, man. It's a journey but
Belis Aladag: You know, okay, so he's doing that.
Belis Aladag: And do you guys have a good relationship. Do you said you don't know much about him. I you're not talking so much
Ryan Burks: Unfortunately, we don't talk that often. I mean, I mean, I understand with my addiction in the last, you know, several years.
Ryan Burks: But I'm hoping that through sobriety and continued sobriety. Um, he'll come back around and you know we'll be talking. Good.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, because
Belis Aladag: We are very close age.
Belis Aladag: Right, yeah.
Belis Aladag: I see and what you started cannabis. He was very. He was like 10 or 11
Belis Aladag: Yeah, well, who started you on this stuff.
Belis Aladag: Was like a like.
Ryan Burks: A you kind of cut out there. How did my using start
Belis Aladag: The canvas. Yeah. Do you remember
Ryan Burks: I mean, I got it.
Ryan Burks: illicitly up until I was 18 and then I got like a medical card.
Okay, yeah.
Belis Aladag: So now, now that you're in sober living, are you using anything other than the medication, we're giving you
Ryan Burks: No, no.
Belis Aladag: Okay, great. So good. So, carry on that sobriety. I think it's really important for you to have a clear head, especially after all the overdoses the injuries and things you have to do you want to finish college like you got to have all your motivation and and a game on. Right.
Ryan Burks: Right, definitely.
Belis Aladag: How about nicotine. Are you sleeping, are you smoking cigarettes.
Ryan Burks: Yeah, I, I, they
Ryan Burks: And I say that with kind of
Ryan Burks: I don't know, you know, with all this stuff that's on TV. You know I shouldn't be a thing of my nicotine addiction is super not intense but it's high, you know, like if I were to switch to cigarettes. I go through like a pack every two days or something.
Okay.
Ryan Burks: Even you know my mom was like, I'd rather you smoke cigarettes and baby. And I don't know about that. So,
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I mean, that's, yeah, it's kind of she's saying that because we're hearing about all these pneumonias that broke out, and people with their lung problems and stuff, know that smoking tobacco has its own problems, you know, cancer, etc. So I mean, either way is bad.
Belis Aladag: Is there. Would you consider at some point, if not now, would you consider giving we could give you like laws and just nicotine laws and just that you could suck on so like you could do that every time you have a craving for nicotine.
Belis Aladag: Half a pack a day, approximately, is what you're thinking, you would use. So that would be you know about 10 so each lozenges is is worth like one cigarette. So that's like one milligram nicotine. So you could do like up to 10 laws and just a day if you wanted to.
Ryan Burks: Yeah, not I'd be
Ryan Burks: For sure.
Belis Aladag: You know, just remember though it's nicotine. So it's still a stimulant and you don't want to overdo it. So if you're going to do this. You should really do make a huge effort not to do the beeping. So you don't double dose on the nicotine. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Right, okay. So yeah, if you want all order that for you to the laws. And just so you can try them.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: And it's oral you notice it's something you're sucking on it might actually be something you could do.
Ryan Burks: Like sublingual
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I think it's you. Can you, it's not the GM the GM you chew and then you kind of park it I can do the GM for you too. But I think the people like the laws and that's like the hard candy.
Ryan Burks: Which one yeah allowances. Okay.
And then
Belis Aladag: A other substance. So everything that you were using, like, I see history of cocaine as well. Sometimes cocaine. You mentioned ketamine.
Belis Aladag: Xanax Valium, all those things, all of it stopped in November 2019
Belis Aladag: Correct. Okay. And you've been good. Since then, you know, seeing on this path.
Ryan Burks: We obviously I have like urges and stuff. And I go to. I go to meetings. I mean, outpatient rehab.
Ryan Burks: So I get a good amount of help and distractions from crazy things and people who goes who with I want to talk
Belis Aladag: Yes, because, yeah, you have poly substance. History
Belis Aladag: You know the Suboxone helps you as well. But it's focusing you on the on the opioid craving. It may help with some of the others, but
Belis Aladag: Yeah, you need those meetings you need your support you need you need all the help right and you're doing like okay, in terms of other stuff. I see here, depression, anxiety, and are you on any other medications. I got all these other medications, besides the Suboxone
Ryan Burks: Dude, do steal this to the other ones among
Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Ryan Burks: Yeah, I think they're all assume
Belis Aladag: You're all okay and so what other doctors do you see
Ryan Burks: I see one other doctor marine community clinics here.
Belis Aladag: And that doctor is a family physician.
Ryan Burks: A. What do you mean by family physician.
Belis Aladag: Like a primary care doc or is that a specialist like a psychiatrist.
Ryan Burks: She is just
Belis Aladag: Like I just, okay, so she helps because she has you on Thorazine right for using Ella all Cymbalta
Belis Aladag: For depression and something that okay
Belis Aladag: Yeah. Do you remember the name of this doctor or no.
Ryan Burks: Um, yeah.
Ryan Burks: Why do you
Ryan Burks: Why do you want her new
Belis Aladag: Oh why oh
Belis Aladag: Because I'm just trying to update your chart with us to see, oh, Jamie Sanders.
Belis Aladag: Would have yeah
Belis Aladag: That's okay. Just that just to make sure we know who you're seeing
Belis Aladag: Here. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: And that's it. You just see Jamie SANDERS AND YOU SEE YOU USED TO SEE Christie waters.
Belis Aladag: Okay, no one else. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Um, and you don't have any allergies to medications. Nope.
Ryan Burks: I mean, I have an allergy to fluoride, but that's just
Ryan Burks: The doctor the dentist office early for Florida.
Belis Aladag: Right. What happens with that.
Ryan Burks: I'm my mouth waters, I get nauseous I throw up.
Belis Aladag: Oh, okay, sounds sounds bad. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Let me see if I can
Belis Aladag: See been in here. All right. Oh yeah, it's popping up. I'll just put it in. And I'll say, nausea,
Belis Aladag: Nausea, vomiting, okay, safe, I just added it
Ryan Burks: Okay.
Belis Aladag: But yeah, you're right, it's more relevant in a, I guess, a dental clinic, um, anything else, any other medical conditions.
Belis Aladag: That you have that we haven't talked about
Ryan Burks: Um, let's see, there's like the depression, the nerd neuropathy, which is unlike the left side will have body which the Suboxone and like to elevate ill and Cymbalta all kind of address
Okay.
Ryan Burks: And
Ryan Burks: Know this, there's nothing else. No.
The
Ryan Burks: Like that that stuff that happened to the left side of my body is pretty intense and extensive so I'm kind of just give me a blanket like left hemisphere, but
Ryan Burks: I can go into more detail if you want
Belis Aladag: Um,
Belis Aladag: What did you say about the blood. I didn't understand. Can you repeat what you just said.
Ryan Burks: Um, I just had. I can go into more detail on the left side of my body where where I have a lot of injuries and stuff from the Ketamine overdose.
Belis Aladag: You want to. Yeah, tell me a bit about it.
Ryan Burks: Um, so I have pretty extensive like nerve damage and the pain is horrible. And I kind of
Ryan Burks: plays a part of, like, in my mood depression and and all kinds of stuff like that but um yeah I don't
Ryan Burks: I don't have much to say about it other than it's very, very
Ryan Burks: It's intense pain, and along with that comes a lot of emotional pain so
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Sorry about that. But
Ryan Burks: Here, I don't see
Ryan Burks: Here.
Belis Aladag: Oh yeah, I see.
Belis Aladag: The scars scarring there.
Ryan Burks: Yeah, I had some my testicles removed because I went into total organ failure and all kinds of stuff.
Belis Aladag: Oh boy.
Belis Aladag: Le pain or eight x or not so much.
Ryan Burks: Not so much.
Belis Aladag: It's more left sided like like muscle pain like muscular kind of pain.
Ryan Burks: Like deep nerdy muscle pain nerve pain.
Belis Aladag: Okay, and it just doesn't like coming go throughout the day. Doesn't matter if the weather's a certain way like
Ryan Burks: If it's cold, it's worse. And if I'm like laying down, it gets bad because my blood kind of pools.
Ryan Burks: So I have a hard time when I sleep. I have to constantly switch back and forth because you know
Ryan Burks: Yeah.
Ryan Burks: You know the circulations off and stuff. So, and my Lake, it's cold when it gets cold I it does a warm up unless I take a shower and that you know that hurts a lot to have my leg. So there's a lot of lot of stuff.
Ryan Burks: You know, with the Cymbalta la fille de la
Belis Aladag: Oh, OK. OK, so your regular about taking them and in the sober living where you're at. Do they give you the medications. There's a place you go to get your months.
Ryan Burks: No, we just we hold on to the meds ourselves.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Okay, good to regular about taking them yourself. Yeah, um, gosh, I'm sorry to hear about that, that's just, that's, that's a lot. You're dealing with, you know, trying to just cope with the pain and the
Belis Aladag: Just the way your body is now you know getting used to it and getting trying to take care of it the best you can.
Ryan Burks: Yeah. Appreciate that, sir.
Belis Aladag: Um, okay, US suicidal thoughts. Have you had them. Have you had a tense of where some of these overdoses those things, or are you what's going on with that.
Um,
Ryan Burks: Some of the overdoses. We're not intentional, but they were
Ryan Burks: Brought on by kind of an ideation, like a suicidal ideation but not necessarily like I want to end my life so
Ryan Burks: I'm it's complicated. I you know I don't, I don't want to die stuff sometimes like the pain and emotional pain gets so bad that I'd rather not be here, but I don't want to be dead. So, yeah.
Belis Aladag: Got it, got it.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, it gets hard. It's hard, and you, you don't want to give up, but you just kind of, yeah. But do you feel that you know you feel at risk right now. Do you feel at risk of like making a plan or like actually being at risk of of a suicide.
Ryan Burks: No, no, no.
Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm glad I'm glad for you because, yeah, that would not be good. You're you've come a long way. It sounds like since these overdoses in this kind of whirlwind of substance use.
Belis Aladag: And you're working your way out of the rut, you know it's it's a thing. You know, you got a lot of things you're working through including your physical pain and your emotional pain that flares up with it. Yeah.
That's
Belis Aladag: What I mean it's good that you surround yourself with people, you're living in a, you know, like a community place. So you have people you can talk to and you see right and then we'll go to meetings. Do you have a sponsor.
Ryan Burks: Who sponsor.
Belis Aladag: You have a sponsor and then, you know, we'll do regular meetings as well. So speaking of which, um, so the the Suboxone follow up meetings are going to be Thursdays at 4pm
Belis Aladag: Do you think you can do that.
Belis Aladag: I can. Okay, perfect, perfect. So, so the next time we meet hopefully it'll be in a group setting.
Belis Aladag: You and maybe a few others just to check in. Hey, how's it going, Is your dose, the same any, anything you want to tell me medically to, you know, update that. And then it'll be a therapist to kind of lead us through just a therapy session on anything recovery related
Okay.
Ryan Burks: Yeah, we're saying is it for
Belis Aladag: Thursdays at four.
Okay.
Belis Aladag: So when we
Belis Aladag: When we hang up when you when you hang up with me today. Just make a point to call the virtual clinic again and say, Okay. She says that she's renewing my medication. And then I need to see her again in the group setting on Thursday at four.
Ryan Burks: So,
Belis Aladag: So they can book that in. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, I think that will be the best for us. And then we'll just keep doing that. And then we'll see how you're doing check in with each other and then
Belis Aladag: I'm here for you. You know if you need anything, you let me know. We're going to see each other. Hopefully soon and get to know each other, more and more
Belis Aladag: And you know, I thank you for taking the time to share your story with me and you know there's a lot of stuff that you've been going through that you still are working through
Belis Aladag: amends with your family, even right. It sounds like you have some some history there that you're just starting to kind of work on. So I wish the best and I'm here with you. Hopefully on this journey to a better place.
Ryan Burks: Thank you. Oh, I'm sorry. What is your name again.
Belis Aladag: I'm Dr. Allah de la
Ryan Burks: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Belis Aladag: You're welcome.
Belis Aladag: So what I'll do is all refill your medication to cover you. Until next week, next Thursday see each other and then we do this again, like I said, I'm also going to order you Narcan this time, just so you can pick that up if you want and just have it on you. It's a nasal spray
Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah, um, anything else that we forgot to touch upon are you. Oh. Oh. Also nicotine laws and just you wanted, right, we're gonna try
Belis Aladag: Okay. Okay, let's try that. So nicotine laws and judges remember one equals like one cigarettes worth of nicotine. So you don't want to go above 10 because that defeats the purpose. You don't want to start a bigger problem.
Ryan Burks: Yeah, sure.
Belis Aladag: So let's see if that helps you stay away from the beeping a little bit. And if we can do that. That'll help
Belis Aladag: And your mom will be happy.
Ryan Burks: Yes, you.
Ryan Burks: Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, cool. Alright, so I'll see you then. And I guess you can end the meeting now.
Ryan Burks: Though, okay, real quick is so Thursday. Is it for anything, any other times better to be were wary of
Belis Aladag: Um, for me, that's all that I'm thinking we need to refill. Um, I know that every month. They're going to send you a manila envelope. Do you know how to do that where you get the envelope you don't open it. You go to the virtual clinic and then you open it in front of them and you do I
Ryan Burks: Have not done that.
Belis Aladag: So, so that's what so you'll give them they should have your updated address, hopefully. Just make sure the virtual clinic has your address.
Belis Aladag: And I'll send you something. And they'll look like a big
Belis Aladag: yellow envelope. Don't open it up, log into the virtual clinic and say, Hey, I got this. They'll say, Okay, let's see. You open it you open it in front of them. It's like a witness test, you know that.
Belis Aladag: Little cup inside you do your test in the bathroom, you come back and you show them the temperature and okay I did my test. Here's what it shows that testing. That's how we do the testing once a month, I believe.
Belis Aladag: So when you receive that just be on the lookout. That's what you're going to do with it. Um, the other thing is blood tests. Did you ever do a blood test for us. Did you go to a quest lab.
Ryan Burks: I think I did. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so if you already took care of that that should be done. Um, and then in terms of therapy visits, you and the therapist that you're assigned to
Belis Aladag: can meet as well, like you and I will meet in a group setting with the therapist and everybody else but you and the therapist alone can have some alone time. You can do like a visit with her every week, every two weeks.
Belis Aladag: Whatever you guys feel is is good for you. It might not be a bad idea. Honestly, with you right now.
Belis Aladag: I know you're busy. You got stuff, but maybe it's not a bad idea to carve out that extra time with the therapist to just kind of just, you know, open up about what's going on your pain.
Belis Aladag: You know, every week changes right the weather changes your emotions change. So it's good to have somebody to like hear you out and just help you process, what's going on. So having that therapy appointments weekly maybe to start and then me in the group weekly maybe just those two things.
Ryan Burks: Okay, yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so call the virtual clinic and say she's going to meet with me in group on Thursdays at four.
Belis Aladag: And then she mentioned that I have. I see. I'm supposed to have a therapist assigned to me. So can I meet with that person as well and then set that up to
Belis Aladag: Okay, cool.
Belis Aladag: Cool. Okay. And if you've come up with more questions you called virtual clinic and they can contact me.
Ryan Burks: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you so much.
Belis Aladag: Welcome. Nice meeting you.
Ryan Burks: Nice to meet you too. Bye bye.
Belis Aladag: Take care. Bye bye.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'm patient Ryan Burks
Belis Aladag: Has neuropathy.
Belis Aladag: Left side of neuropathy has poly substance use disorders has I'm
Belis Aladag: nicotine dependence and I'm going to put all this in the chart as well. Um,
Belis Aladag: Thank you. Bye bye.